# Day 3

## 1. (mandatory, 50 pt) Proof of Concept implementation of your project

**The goal**: Capstone Project draft/proof-of-concept implemenation is ready. It still could be flaky, but can be used as a show-case of working idea.

### Deliveries

- actualized README
- Getting-started guide document with screenshots proving the functional project: explains how to repeat the installation, how to use the project.

## 2. (optional, 20 pt) Terraform config for PoC

The goal: Automate infrastructure creation for your PoC.

### Deliveries

- terraform configuration in git-repository with your project

## 3. (optional, 10 pt) Security analysis

**The goal**: analyse the Capstone Project, understand if your customers and their data are safe, what could be improved and how.

The project network is protected, components use least-privilege principle, data is encrypted.

### Requirements

Create a document that reviews current state of the project and higlights what should be improved and how to achieve that:

- components interact via private channels, firewalls are in place
- Least-privilege principle is used for each communication channel
- Encryption at-rest and in-transit
- use only trusted sources, no mutable artifacts

## 4. (optional, 15 pt) Disaster recovery

**The goal**: understand what to do if everything is screwed up.

You should have a plan-B to not loose your (and your customer's) data and have a playbook how to restore the project in case of disaster.

### Requirements

- Used data storages have regular backups
- Data restore process is documented
